As optional bonus task,
try to write a print function that will show you
all the nodes in the tree and the structure.
So here's the root,
here is this left and right child,
here's the left child of banana,
the right child of bananas empty,
the left and right children of cherry are empty.
Here node, dates has a left child.
Node is empty right is empty as well.
The trick here is we're having
these empty placeholders so we can keep track of which node is a child of which parent.
So a hint I have is to use a variable to keep track of which level each node is on.
So for instance, the root node is on level 0 and its child nodes are at level 1.
So don't worry, this is optional,
but might be fun to try out.
When you're done trying it,
then go ahead and check the solution.